hi I might love it and I've come to do a
little
film here on my new range of mouthpieces
sort of overview of what we've created
here this is the Smith Watkins might
love a classical model and I've
currently got the heavy weight booster
there's a range of three different
boosters this is the heavy weight one
this is like sixty grams and it screw on
it screws on to the mouthpiece so it
fits nice and snug I'm going to play an
excerpt from Robin Hood the film music
which was written by Korngold
hello I'd like to talk to you about
my one of my new range of mouthpieces
the might love it studio model with
Smith Watkins here with the medium-sized
weight which is 55 grams again it's
screwed on to the mouthpiece itself
making it nice and snug and helps with
the percent of the vibrations down the
trumpet this is a mouthpiece which I use
on a day-to-day basis for most of my
work in studios in an orchestra playing
lead in a big band and well everything
really
so what demonstrate with it with it here
is playing a nice melody and just show
you that it's got quite a nice big broad
sound hopefully
here we have the lead trumpet mouthpiece
the might love it lead model with a
small booster this is only 30 grams on
here again screwed on to the mouthpiece
cup the diameter of the cup is slightly
smaller than the studio helping in the
upper register but the bat bore is
rather large so it helps to get the air
through and hopefully create a big sound
when playing high so I just give a
little example now of some high notes on
bit playing and see if that comes across
Oh
well thanks it's been fun showing you my
range of new Smith Watkins might live at
mouthpieces and I hope that you get
chance to go and view my website where
you find out even more information about
them
Thanks